GENERIC-WEB-MONITOR-SPEC/16-USER-STORIES.md, before:

## 16. User Stories

### Randy - System Configurator
1. Create new instance in <5 minutes
2. Non-technical configuration via UI
3. Custom importance bands
4. NAICS configuration
5. Testing before live
6. <<will randy know that something changed???

### Sarah - Competitive Analyst
1. <<real-time alerts for 9-10, daily, 6-10, weekly everything>>
2. Audience insights
3. Context understanding (KWIC)
4. Market context (NAICS)
5. Export to CSV
6. <<configuration of the world??>>
7. <<Responsible for custom reports for the CMO>>

### Michael - CMO
1. Weekly executive summary
2. Audience strategy view
3. Market opportunity sizing
4. Competitive positioning
5. <<Alerting immediately for importance 8-10>>

### Jennifer - Product Marketing Director
1. Targeted filtering
2. Audience overlap analysis
3.  <<real-time alerts for 9-10, daily, 6-10, weekly everything>>
3. Context understanding (KWIC)
4. Market context (NAICS)
5. Export to CSV
6. <<needs a special instance of just her stuff>>
7. <<configuration of the world??>>
8. 

open questions
 how do we maintain state of the system over time - who is responsible, what happens when someone launches a new, important product line, how can we automatically take this into account 

 also how do we communicate the state of the world - like charts and graphs for what is happening right now?  Also, what sort of trends do we think about, if at all

 do we need to have a hierarchy of competitors (yes) - 3 tiers

 need to have some way to handle alerts that takes into account the importance of the announcement and the importance of the competitor as like a multiplicative thing
    can we set this up like a gartner magic quadrant thingie
    we do the size, they do the relevance (or something) - basically we will show them the company name, a one liner, link to the site, and then the person has choose something that says how relevant/important/interesting this company is

  we do need to figure out how we map all the products across the competition

 need a way of saying - here's the competitors you gave us, here's their product pages, what do you want us to track? - this is a business thing, not a technical thing.  would be best if we had the quarterly meetings - at least every half year for traditional companies.  for AI it's probably way faster than that. (quarterly)

 need to look at security and backups make sure we're at 3 points of failure, disgruntled employee stuffs

what is our processs for managing new companies - how can it find out about new products? new pages of content that are relevant - this was the announcement, here's the new page - should I start tracking it?

how do we morph this into our ability to compare products 

phase 2: explore how to do longitudinal analysis - look along dimensions and show what's changing over what dimensions

how do we add a news feed/twitter feed if we want to track a sentiment vector over time

with the 3d display can we size them using the revenue of each company - size it by public information, search SEC filings, use funding as a proxy for revenue - somehow show color differently to indicate?  or transparency?

 
 
---

Commit message:

Add user story for SWOT analysis capability

GENERIC-WEB-MONITOR-SPEC/16-USER-STORIES.md, after:

## 16. User Stories

### Randy - System Configurator
1. Create new instance in <5 minutes
2. Non-technical configuration via UI
3. Custom importance bands
4. NAICS configuration
5. Testing before live
6. <<will randy know that something changed???

### Sarah - Competitive Analyst
1. <<real-time alerts for 9-10, daily, 6-10, weekly everything>>
2. Audience insights
3. Context understanding (KWIC)
4. Market context (NAICS)
5. Export to CSV
6. <<configuration of the world??>>
7. <<Responsible for custom reports for the CMO>>

### Michael - CMO
1. Weekly executive summary
2. Audience strategy view
3. Market opportunity sizing
4. Competitive positioning
5. <<Alerting immediately for importance 8-10>>

### Jennifer - Product Marketing Director
1. Targeted filtering
2. Audience overlap analysis
3.  <<real-time alerts for 9-10, daily, 6-10, weekly everything>>
3. Context understanding (KWIC)
4. Market context (NAICS)
5. Export to CSV
6. <<needs a special instance of just her stuff>>
7. <<configuration of the world??>>
8. 

open questions
 how do we maintain state of the system over time - who is responsible, what happens when someone launches a new, important product line, how can we automatically take this into account 

 also how do we communicate the state of the world - like charts and graphs for what is happening right now?  Also, what sort of trends do we think about, if at all

 do we need to have a hierarchy of competitors (yes) - 3 tiers

 need to have some way to handle alerts that takes into account the importance of the announcement and the importance of the competitor as like a multiplicative thing
    can we set this up like a gartner magic quadrant thingie
    we do the size, they do the relevance (or something) - basically we will show them the company name, a one liner, link to the site, and then the person has choose something that says how relevant/important/interesting this company is

  we do need to figure out how we map all the products across the competition

 need a way of saying - here's the competitors you gave us, here's their product pages, what do you want us to track? - this is a business thing, not a technical thing.  would be best if we had the quarterly meetings - at least every half year for traditional companies.  for AI it's probably way faster than that. (quarterly)

 need to look at security and backups make sure we're at 3 points of failure, disgruntled employee stuffs

what is our processs for managing new companies - how can it find out about new products? new pages of content that are relevant - this was the announcement, here's the new page - should I start tracking it?

how do we morph this into our ability to compare products 

phase 2: explore how to do longitudinal analysis - look along dimensions and show what's changing over what dimensions

how do we add a news feed/twitter feed if we want to track a sentiment vector over time

with the 3d display can we size them using the revenue of each company - size it by public information, search SEC filings, use funding as a proxy for revenue - somehow show color differently to indicate?  or transparency?

 how can the CMO (or others) do a SWOT analysis/competitive analysis - pick who they go against, as well as A vs. B  - how do you find the "white area" that is interesting to attack

 
 
---
